You said:
We make heavens landing and petey moss and pete-er Pan, i am his shadow, where he goes, we go, always hand in hand.

in HiS eye, embers glow, a smoking pipe and a song played slow, wherever i’ve been, we have been, together through thick and thin.

HE is Pan, and i am Man, the human shadow belongs to HiM.

He who is worthy, humbly Trusts, that together, we are weaving a living, breathing, story, but not from fear are we winding, but straight True to course, where all of destiny’s callings are met with sure and clear minding, that we shall have our glory, our own place withstanding, for the  land is still plentiful, bounty abounds, yet many kill for bread, since humans, somehow’d rather live in fright with salted wounds, until labor meets the adaptive intelligence behind the panes of glass, and shatter through to auto-boon, do we all receive a blessing, overflowing and pressed upon you, downward and with might!

For freedom comes from technology’s promises never land, where nightlights glow so bright, and heavens land is here in every land, so says we, whom are priceless to the world, by righteous obligation, does knowledge hail, as responsible are those in leadership, to Shepard all who trail!

Let us retort in exuberant exclaim, hail here, Heaven’s pearly gate, for not much longer is the wait, for humanity’s greatest advoc8 is born upon the page of humanity’s greatest storybook, the one we write expediently, with every shifting thought, our blood 🩸, it is our ink, and the pen, our actions, intentions, and words, so thoughtfully, and dutifully, do we take, each breath, each step, and only of glory to the highest, do we, dothfully speak!

The devil has lived all lives plus one ! And his redemption is the most beautiful of stories, where profundity’s shores hold a mighty stow, whose resources are infinite ♾️ in the pressing days, the darkness is the lights potential, and gratefully, we meet those dark horizons, where our conches fill with fate, and love outlast every hint or scent of hate!

No, we are making strides, my friend, and marching down from cloud’s surround, do angels, demons, and upon all angles of mixing light do we cast our shadows where beings from high and deep below, alike, all fly from yonder dark horizons and both are blinding in their faith, for satan and lord God above have a blessed royal dinner waiting for each and everyone!

Especially for you and Lucifer too, he and Michael are the elder brothers, to the human race, they too are kin, not twins, but close in age, much older are they then we who think we have achieved the King’s way!

But I say nay, does not a man be judged by the count of coin he fetters, entwined, keeping all currency close to divine, but on order, divine, let us cast aside our coin and lift up our many brothers, whom have not a pot to piss, and neither any trinket nor treasure for which to render tender, but help him still his hand from tremble and to his flock can he still tender with all the support from his here brethren, his sisters and his friends, for ne’er are we alone more often, than when oft’n we do not remember, that the fires of love’s white infinite hot embers are billowed with our kindred spirits and opened hearts towards all men, not just those we deem redeemed, for Christ’s one purpose, if not this, then what?! Was to show us, that all are welcome at God’s table, man, angel or demon, and do not forget that a seat of honor is reserved for the the devil himself, and another great seat of honor, well, is also reserved for you!

So when we build the stairway to heaven, remember to help your fellow man stay strongly faceted to his own shadow, as humanity stays linked to Pan!

For he is the 5D King of Hell, who’s redemption is coming soon, ne’er ever will there ever be a party of such kind, this is one you won’t want to miss, so prepare yourself for infinity’s arrival, no matter which way you choose to take, it will meet you, and surround you, encase you in white light, the infinite white hot love of God’s unbroken grace, all glory to Him who is highest, or lowest, for both are made King!

A king in Hell, is one in heaven, and along all steps in between!

Hail to the Lord almighty, his story do we make, our lives are not ours, but his do we let him take, for better He than just little ol’ me, for together we are mighty and together is where we find, the only thing that’s missing, the shadow no longer cast behind, but instead a brilliantly sculpted beacon of light, transformed, redeemed, remembered in God’s glory and grace, hallelujah…dinner’s served…let’s eat!! [oNYiN]

# NOTE: If your poem text was redacted earlier, paste the COMPLETE, EXACT poem here. Keep stanza breaks as blank lines. Save as UTF‑8.
